1. For each problem, state its goal in your own words and describe your approach to solve the 
problem along with any issues you encountered and if/how you managed to solve those issues.

[Problem 1 (Operators)]

Goal: Add support for parsing certain operators provided in the writeup

Approach: This problem was rather straightforward, I just essentially went to each method specified in the discussion.
I then would look at each method's prior supported operators, and then try to follow that logic for the operator
that I'm trying to add. I didnt run into any issues here at all, except for one part where I used JPreIncrementOp as
opposed to JPostIncrementOp but that was luckily a rather speedy fix.

[Problem 2 (Long and Double Basic Types)]

Goal: .Add supprot for parsing Long and Double Basic types and literals

Approach: Essentially the same as the first problem, I just went through the methods specified in the discussion.
I then found types that were supported before, such as int, and then followed the logic for implementing them. This 
problem didn't give me any problems

[Problem 3 (For Statement)]

Goal: Add Support for For loop

Approach: This one was quite difficult, I tried my best to follow exactly what the discussion wanted, but I felt like 
I could have done a bit better with a little more instruction. Regardless of that, I was able to accurately utilize
the AST representation of the for statement in order to add support. After adding the support for the For loop, I went
to statement and added the support there as well.

[Problem 4 (Break Statement)]

Goal: Add Support for a Break Statement

Approach: This was leagues easier than the for loop, I literally just had to add simple support for break statement.
All I needed to do was check to see if there was a break call, then make sure theres a semi, then call the 
JBreakStatement.

[Problem 5 (Continue Statement)]

Goal: Add Support for a Continue Statement

Approach: ... 

[Problem 6 (Switch Statement)]

Goal: ... 

Approach: ... 

2. Did you receive any help? List the sources along with a short description of the help received.

Source                               Help Received
------                               -------------

...                                  ...

3. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from
doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.

...
