1. For each problem, state its goal in your own words and describe your approach to solve the 
problem along with any issues you encountered and if/how you managed to solve those issues.

[Problem 1 (Understanding j--)]

Goal: To produce a sequence of integers, provided the starting point, stopping point, and incrementative step. 
(Not including largest number if exceding upper bounds)

Approach: I began with a brief brush-up on some Java syntax and reading the Provided Java Lite documentation.
I then tried to approach the incrementation using a for-loop and noticed some of the assignment techniques 
usually used, were not allowed. I also noticed that "<" (LT) is not allowed to be used for some reason, though the 
Java Lite documentation allows for that. To put it simply, I just swapped the conditions and the sign and the ">" worked fine.
Then I just had it print to Standard Output and that was that.

[Problem 2 (Understanding the JVM)]

Goal: To produce a sequence of integers programatically using CLEmitter and bytecode.

Approach: Initially, I was so lost in figuring out how to do this, as I could not figure out what a single CLEmitter
method was doing. The documentation was rather frustrating to weed through, until I realized that I could take a look at
the GenFactorial test file. I did what I could to port over the common segments of code to mine, getting to the point
where I had to code the while loop. I recognized that I needed to utilize the Command-Line Input similarly to the original
Seq.java file, so I tried to follow it as closely as possible. I also had a bit of trouble adding the start and step
together, but after doing it, it makes a lot more sense. This was quite a tough problem, having to weed through the
documentation by myself and such.

[Problem 3 (Arithmetic Operators)]

Goal: ...

Approach: ...

[Problem 4 (Conditional Expression)]

Goal: ...

Approach: ...

[Problem 5 (Do Statement)]

Goal: ...

Approach: ...

2. Did you receive any help? List the sources along with a short description of the help received.

Source                               Help Received
------                               -------------

...                                  ...

3. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from
doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.

...
